tests: fix typo in build test instructions (#7004)
tokio-rs/tokio: tests-build/README.md

cargo test --features full
cargo test --features rt
```

> If one of the tests fails, you can pass `TRYBUILD=overwrite` to the `cargo test`

Reviewer: Thanks for catching this. Actually, I would prefer to change it to plural instead:
```suggestion
If any of the tests fail, you can pass `TRYBUILD=overwrite` to the `cargo test`
```

Author: Corrected!
